controls:
x 1) left and right buttons to move shape left and right
x 2) press arrowdown button to hasten descent. lift arrowdown button to revert descent to default speed
    - Issue: There is a slight delay when triggering the hasten descent feature when the currently active setTimeout function hasn't 
    finished. This disrupts user experience because the response is not immediate; it catches the user off-guard when the feature 
    eventually and unexpectedly triggers.
x 3) space bar to place shape immediately
    x - WIP. Issue: Only able to stack shapes till the 10th row; unable to stack higher than that

shape descent:
x 1) spawn new shape right after previous shape is placed
2) based on number of lines cleared, increase speed of descent (descentIntervalDuration)

score:
x 1) for casual play, increase number of lines cleared
x 2) for competitive play, increase score for number of lines cleared and give bonus points for multiple lines cleared at once

place shape:
x 1) create an object with all the blocks in the block stack. on each descent of the current shape, check if the shape collides with the 
stack. If it collides, place the shape.

player aid:
x 1) show outline of where a shape will be placed if the shape descends/is insta-placed. will prevent player from placing shapes in the wrong columns
x 2) show line combo, so players will know why they get different score increments

controls:
x 1) add gamepad support 
    - WIP: currently hardcoded. to do: make buttons assignable


music:
1) add sound effects and music, and options to disable them


customisation options:
1) randomise color of tetris shapes. might look jarring because there isn't a smooth and gradual transition between hues.
2) if the stack of blocks rises higher than the mid-point of the grid, change the color of all blocks to match the background 
(meant to pressure players into keeping their stack below the midpoint.)


NOTES:
setInterval takes a fixed interval value that value can't be changed dynamically
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/30725455/change-setinterval-value-dynamically

